to close out the unit on a Salem witch
trials bronze dreams celebrated their
first colonial day on Friday December
19th the first stop on our tour of
colonial day will be Campbell making
Union 207
so exactly how do you make it can and
can you burn this candle
thank you so after waiting in line and
dipping their candles in the wax
everyone wondered whether or not that
actually I can't
safe to say towards the end we had
plenty of happy customers
next stop butter making
how much shaking does it take but does
it really work
and now we'll report from jewel brine on
706 kids so 706 69 of colonial big sorry
we missed the drew I'm sure it won't
work also sorry you couldn't get footage
from the math games or the gallows in
Miss modern overs I know in miss Gibbons
room with this Thompson they were making
colonial clothing call their colonial
characters you should check us out next
call on you that we're I'm sure it's
gonna be just as good thanks again to
all the teachers and students who worked
on it and have a good day off